Installed Packages
Box2D.aarch64                                        2.4.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
CharLS.aarch64                                       2.4.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
GeoIP.aarch64                                        1.6.12-15.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
GeoIP-GeoLite-data.noarch                            2018.06-13.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
ImageMagick.aarch64                                  1:7.1.1.33-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
ImageMagick-c++.aarch64                              1:7.1.1.33-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
ImageMagick-libs.aarch64                             1:7.1.1.33-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
LibRaw.aarch64                                       0.21.2-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ModemManager.aarch64                                 1.20.6-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ModemManager-glib.aarch64                            1.20.6-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager.aarch64                               1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-adsl.aarch64                          1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-bluetooth.aarch64                     1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-fedora.noarch     1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-l2tp.aarch64                          1.20.16-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-libnm.aarch64                         1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-libreswan.aarch64                     1.2.16-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-openconnect.aarch64                   1.2.10-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-openvpn.aarch64                       1:1.10.2-3.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-ppp.aarch64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-pptp.aarch64                          1:1.2.12-3.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-team.aarch64                          1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-tui.aarch64                           1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-vpnc.aarch64                          1:1.2.8-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
NetworkManager-wifi.aarch64                          1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
NetworkManager-wwan.aarch64                          1:1.44.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
PackageKit.aarch64                                   1.2.6-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
PackageKit-Qt5.aarch64                               1.1.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
PackageKit-command-not-found.aarch64                 1.2.6-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
PackageKit-glib.aarch64                              1.2.6-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.aarch64                  1.2.6-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
SDL2.aarch64                                         2.28.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
SuperLU.aarch64                                      6.0.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.105-0.4.20210729git2a87ac6.fc39   @updates                                                         
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.301-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abattis-cantarell-vf-fonts.noarch                    0.301-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt.aarch64                                         2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-ccpp.aarch64                              2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-kerneloops.aarch64                        2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.aarch64                        2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-vmcore.aarch64                            2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-addon-xorg.aarch64                              2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-cli.aarch64                                     2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-dbus.aarch64                                    2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-desktop.aarch64                                 2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-gui.aarch64                                     2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-gui-libs.aarch64                                2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-libs.aarch64                                    2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-plugin-bodhi.aarch64                            2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
abrt-tui.noarch                                      2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
accounts-qml-module.aarch64                          0.7-10.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
accountsservice.aarch64                              23.13.9-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
acl.aarch64                                          2.3.1-9.fc39                        @updates                                                         
adcli.aarch64                                        0.9.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20230622-1.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20230622-1.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20190401-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
adobe-source-code-pro-fonts.noarch                   2.042.1.062.1.026-2.fc39            @fedora                                                          
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          45.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
adwaita-gtk2-theme.aarch64                           3.28-17.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            45.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
aha.aarch64                                          0.5.1-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
alsa-lib.aarch64                                     1.2.12-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
alsa-ucm.noarch                                      1.2.12-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
alsa-ucm-asahi.noarch                                5-1.fc39                            @updates                                                         
alsa-utils.aarch64                                   1.2.12-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
alternatives.aarch64                                 1.26-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
amd-gpu-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
amd-ucode-firmware.noarch                            20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
anaconda-core.aarch64                                39.32.6-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
anaconda-tui.aarch64                                 39.32.6-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
anthy-unicode.aarch64                                1.0.0.20211224-10.fc39              @fedora                                                          
antiword.aarch64                                     0.37-36.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
appstream.aarch64                                    0.16.1-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
appstream-data.noarch                                39-9.fc39                           @updates                                                         
appstream-qt.aarch64                                 0.16.1-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
apr.aarch64                                          1.7.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
apr-util.aarch64                                     1.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
apr-util-bdb.aarch64                                 1.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
apr-util-openssl.aarch64                             1.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
arj.aarch64                                          3.10.22-39.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
ark.aarch64                                          23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ark-libs.aarch64                                     23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
armadillo.aarch64                                    12.8.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
arpack.aarch64                                       3.9.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
asahi-audio.noarch                                   1.6-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
asahi-fwupdate.noarch                                20240429-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
asahi-platform-metapackage.aarch64                   0-12.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
asahi-platform-metapackage-audio.aarch64             0-12.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
asahi-platform-metapackage-core.aarch64              0-12.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
asahi-platform-metapackage-firefox.aarch64           0-12.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
asahi-platform-metapackage-plasma.aarch64            0-12.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
asahi-repos.noarch                                   1-13.fc39                           @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-branding
asahi-scripts.noarch                                 20240429-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
aspell.aarch64                                       12:0.60.8-12.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
aspell-en.aarch64                                    50:2020.12.07-8.fc39                @fedora                                                          
at.aarch64                                           3.2.5-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
at-spi2-atk.aarch64                                  2.50.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
at-spi2-core.aarch64                                 2.50.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
atheros-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
atk.aarch64                                          2.50.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
atkmm.aarch64                                        2.28.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
attr.aarch64                                         2.5.1-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
audit.aarch64                                        3.1.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
audit-libs.aarch64                                   3.1.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
augeas-libs.aarch64                                  1.13.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
authselect.aarch64                                   1.4.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
authselect-libs.aarch64                              1.4.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
avahi.aarch64                                        0.8-24.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-glib.aarch64                                   0.8-24.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-gobject.aarch64                                0.8-24.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-libs.aarch64                                   0.8-24.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
avahi-tools.aarch64                                  0.8-24.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
avif-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                           0.11.1-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
b43-fwcutter.aarch64                                 019-36.fc39                         @updates                                                         
b43-openfwwf.noarch                                  5.2-31.fc39                         @updates                                                         
baloo-widgets.aarch64                                23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
basesystem.noarch                                    11-18.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
bash.aarch64                                         5.2.26-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
bash-color-prompt.noarch                             0.4-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.11-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
bc.aarch64                                           1.07.1-19.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
bind-libs.aarch64                                    32:9.18.26-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.18.26-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
bind-utils.aarch64                                   32:9.18.26-1.fc39                   @updates                                                         
binutils.aarch64                                     2.40-14.fc39                        @updates                                                         
binutils-gold.aarch64                                2.40-14.fc39                        @updates                                                         
binwalk.noarch                                       2.3.4-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.8.2-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
blosc.aarch64                                        1.21.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
bluedevil.aarch64                                    5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
bluez.aarch64                                        5.77-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
bluez-cups.aarch64                                   5.77-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
bluez-libs.aarch64                                   5.77-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
bluez-obexd.aarch64                                  5.77-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
bolt.aarch64                                         0.9.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
boost-atomic.aarch64                                 1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-chrono.aarch64                                 1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-date-time.aarch64                              1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-filesystem.aarch64                             1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-iostreams.aarch64                              1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-locale.aarch64                                 1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-program-options.aarch64                        1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-python3.aarch64                                1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-regex.aarch64                                  1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-system.aarch64                                 1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
boost-thread.aarch64                                 1.81.0-11.fc39                      @updates                                                         
braille-printer-app.aarch64                          1:2.0~b0^386eea385f-4.fc39          @fedora                                                          
brcmfmac-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
breeze-cursor-theme.noarch                           5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
breeze-gtk-common.noarch                             5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
breeze-gtk-gtk2.noarch                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
breeze-gtk-gtk3.noarch                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
breeze-gtk-gtk4.noarch                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
breeze-icon-theme.noarch                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
brightnessctl.aarch64                                0.5.1-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
brlapi.aarch64                                       0.8.5-9.fc39                        @updates                                                         
brltty.aarch64                                       6.6-9.fc39                          @updates                                                         
btop.aarch64                                         1.3.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
btrfs-progs.aarch64                                  6.9.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
bubblewrap.aarch64                                   0.8.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
bzip2.aarch64                                        1.0.8-16.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
bzip2-libs.aarch64                                   1.0.8-16.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
c-ares.aarch64                                       1.28.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ca-certificates.noarch                               2023.2.60_v7.0.306-2.fc39           @fedora                                                          
cabextract.aarch64                                   1.11-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
caca-utils.aarch64                                   0.99-0.69.beta20.fc39               @updates                                                         
cairo.aarch64                                        1.18.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
cairo-gobject.aarch64                                1.18.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
cairomm.aarch64                                      1.14.5-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
calamares.aarch64                                    3.2.62-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
calamares-firstboot-config.noarch                    20240509-2.fc39                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
calamares-libs.aarch64                               3.2.62-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
can-utils.aarch64                                    2023.03-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
catdoc.aarch64                                       0.95-15.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
catimg.aarch64                                       2.7.0-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cdparanoia-libs.aarch64                              10.2-42.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cdrdao.aarch64                                       1.2.5-7.fc39                        @updates                                                         
cfitsio.aarch64                                      4.3.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cgnslib-libs.aarch64                                 4.4.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
checkpolicy.aarch64                                  3.5-3.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
chmlib.aarch64                                       0.40-30.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
chromium.aarch64                                     127.0.6533.88-2.fc39                @updates                                                         
chromium-common.aarch64                              127.0.6533.88-2.fc39                @updates                                                         
chrony.aarch64                                       4.5-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
cifs-utils.aarch64                                   7.0-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
cifs-utils-info.aarch64                              7.0-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
cirrus-audio-firmware.noarch                         20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cjson.aarch64                                        1.7.17-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         1:44.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
cldr-emoji-annotation-dtd.noarch                     1:44.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
clinfo.aarch64                                       3.0.23.01.25-2.fc39                 @fedora                                                          
clucene-contribs-lib.aarch64                         2.3.3.4-46.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc39 @fedora                                                          
clucene-core.aarch64                                 2.3.3.4-46.20130812.e8e3d20git.fc39 @fedora                                                          
cmake-filesystem.aarch64                             3.27.7-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
codec2.aarch64                                       1.2.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-31.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
colord.aarch64                                       1.4.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
colord-kde.aarch64                                   23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
colord-libs.aarch64                                  1.4.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
compat-lua-libs.aarch64                              5.1.5-23.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
compsize.aarch64                                     1.5-6.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
console-setup.noarch                                 1.222-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              4.1-3.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
coreutils.aarch64                                    9.3-6.fc39                          @updates                                                         
coreutils-common.aarch64                             9.3-6.fc39                          @updates                                                         
corosynclib.aarch64                                  3.1.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
cpio.aarch64                                         2.14-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
cpp.aarch64                                          13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
cracklib.aarch64                                     2.9.11-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
cracklib-dicts.aarch64                               2.9.11-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
cronie.aarch64                                       1.6.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cronie-anacron.aarch64                               1.6.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-30.20190603git.fc39            @fedora                                                          
cryfs.aarch64                                        0.11.3-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
crypto-policies.noarch                               20231204-1.git1e3a2e4.fc39          @updates                                                         
crypto-policies-scripts.noarch                       20231204-1.git1e3a2e4.fc39          @updates                                                         
cryptsetup.aarch64                                   2.6.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cryptsetup-libs.aarch64                              2.6.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ctags.aarch64                                        6.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
cups.aarch64                                         1:2.4.10-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cups-browsed.aarch64                                 1:2.0.0-4.fc39                      @updates                                                         
cups-client.aarch64                                  1:2.4.10-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.4.10-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cups-filters.aarch64                                 1:2.0.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
cups-ipptool.aarch64                                 1:2.4.10-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cups-libs.aarch64                                    1:2.4.10-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
cups-pk-helper.aarch64                               0.2.7-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
curl.aarch64                                         8.2.1-5.fc39                        @updates                                                         
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.aarch64                            2.1.28-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
cyrus-sasl-lib.aarch64                               2.1.28-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
cyrus-sasl-plain.aarch64                             2.1.28-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
dbus.aarch64                                         1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-broker.aarch64                                  36-2.fc39                           @updates                                                         
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-daemon.aarch64                                  1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-libs.aarch64                                    1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-tools.aarch64                                   1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbus-x11.aarch64                                     1:1.14.10-1.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
dbusmenu-qt.aarch64                                  0.9.3-0.32.20160218.fc39            @fedora                                                          
dbusmenu-qt5.aarch64                                 0.9.3-0.32.20160218.fc39            @fedora                                                          
dconf.aarch64                                        0.40.0-9.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ddcutil.aarch64                                      2.1.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
default-editor.noarch                                7.2-5.fc39                          @updates                                                         
default-fonts-am.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ar.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-as.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ast.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-be.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-bg.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-bn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-bo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-br.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-chr.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-cjk-mono.noarch                        4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-cjk-sans.noarch                        4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-cjk-serif.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-core-emoji.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-core-math.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-core-mono.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-core-sans.noarch                       4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-core-serif.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-dv.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-dz.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-el.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-eo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-eu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-fa.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-gu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-he.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-hi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-hy.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ia.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-iu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ka.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-km.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-kn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ku.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-lo.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-mai.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ml.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-mr.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-my.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-nb.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ne.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-nn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-nr.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-nso.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-or.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-other-mono.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-other-sans.noarch                      4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-other-serif.noarch                     4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-pa.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ru.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-si.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ss.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ta.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-te.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-th.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-tn.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ts.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-uk.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ur.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-ve.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-vi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-xh.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-yi.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
default-fonts-zu.noarch                              4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
deltarpm.aarch64                                     3.6.3-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
desktop-backgrounds-compat.noarch                    39.0.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
desktop-file-utils.aarch64                           0.26-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
device-mapper.aarch64                                1.02.197-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
device-mapper-event.aarch64                          1.02.197-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
device-mapper-event-libs.aarch64                     1.02.197-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
device-mapper-libs.aarch64                           1.02.197-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
device-mapper-multipath.aarch64                      0.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-multipath-libs.aarch64                 0.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
device-mapper-persistent-data.aarch64                1.0.12-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
dhcp-client.aarch64                                  12:4.4.3-9.P1.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.4.3-9.P1.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
diffutils.aarch64                                    3.10-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
digikam.aarch64                                      8.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
digikam-libs.aarch64                                 8.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
distribution-gpg-keys.noarch                         1.104-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
djvulibre-libs.aarch64                               3.5.28-7.fc39                       @updates                                                         
dlm-lib.aarch64                                      4.2.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
dmidecode.aarch64                                    1:3.6-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
dnf.noarch                                           4.21.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.21.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.8.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
dnsmasq.aarch64                                      2.90-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-82.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-19.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
dolphin.aarch64                                      23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
dolphin-libs.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
dolphin-plugins.aarch64                              23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
dos2unix.aarch64                                     7.5.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
dosfstools.aarch64                                   4.2-7.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
dotconf.aarch64                                      1.3-32.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
double-conversion.aarch64                            3.1.5-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
dracut.aarch64                                       059-16.fc39                         @updates                                                         
dracut-asahi.noarch                                  20240429-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
dracut-network.aarch64                               059-16.fc39                         @updates                                                         
dracut-squash.aarch64                                059-16.fc39                         @updates                                                         
dragon.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
duktape.aarch64                                      2.7.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
dunst.aarch64                                        1.9.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
dvd+rw-tools.aarch64                                 7.1-39.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
e2fsprogs.aarch64                                    1.47.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
e2fsprogs-libs.aarch64                               1.47.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ebook-tools-libs.aarch64                             0.2.2-25.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ed.aarch64                                           1.19-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
editorconfig-libs.aarch64                            0.12.9-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
efi-filesystem.noarch                                5-9.fc39                            @fedora                                                          
efibootmgr.aarch64                                   18-4.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
efivar-libs.aarch64                                  39-1.fc39                           @updates                                                         
egl-utils.aarch64                                    9.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
electronics-menu.noarch                              1.0-30.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
elfutils.aarch64                                     0.191-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
elfutils-debuginfod-client.aarch64                   0.191-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.191-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
elfutils-libelf.aarch64                              0.191-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
elfutils-libs.aarch64                                0.191-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
elisa-player.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:29.4-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
enblend.aarch64                                      4.2-26.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
enchant2.aarch64                                     2.5.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
espeak-ng.aarch64                                    1.51.1-6.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ethtool.aarch64                                      2:6.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
exempi.aarch64                                       2.6.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
exfatprogs.aarch64                                   1.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
exiv2.aarch64                                        0.27.6-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
exiv2-libs.aarch64                                   0.27.6-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
expat.aarch64                                        2.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
f2fs-tools.aarch64                                   1.16.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
f39-backgrounds-base.noarch                          39.0.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
f39-backgrounds-kde.noarch                           39.0.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
fatresize.aarch64                                    1.1.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
fdk-aac-free.aarch64                                 2.0.0-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fedora-appstream-metadata.noarch                     20240423-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
fedora-asahi-remix-release.noarch                    39-5                                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-branding
fedora-asahi-remix-release-common.noarch             39-5                                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-branding
fedora-asahi-remix-release-identity-kde.noarch       39-5                                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-branding
fedora-asahi-remix-release-kde.noarch                39-5                                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-branding
fedora-asahi-remix-scripts.noarch                    20240722-1.fc39                     @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:fedora-remix-scripts 
fedora-bookmarks.noarch                              28-28.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
fedora-flathub-remote.noarch                         1-6.fc39                            @fedora                                                          
fedora-gpg-keys.noarch                               39-2                                @updates                                                         
fedora-logos.noarch                                  38.1.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fedora-repos.noarch                                  39-2                                @updates                                                         
fedora-third-party.noarch                            0.10-6.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
fedora-workstation-repositories.aarch64              38-3.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
ffmpeg-free.aarch64                                  6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
ffmpegthumbs.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
fftw-libs-double.aarch64                             3.3.10-10.fc39                      @updates                                                         
file.aarch64                                         5.44-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
file-libs.aarch64                                    5.44-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
filelight.aarch64                                    1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
filesystem.aarch64                                   3.18-6.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
findutils.aarch64                                    1:4.9.0-6.fc39                      @updates                                                         
firefox.aarch64                                      128.0.3-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
firefox-langpacks.aarch64                            128.0.3-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
firewall-config.noarch                               2.0.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
firewalld.noarch                                     2.0.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          2.0.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flac-libs.aarch64                                    1.4.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
flashrom.aarch64                                     1.3.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
flatpak.aarch64                                      1.15.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
flatpak-kcm.aarch64                                  5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
flatpak-libs.aarch64                                 1.15.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
flatpak-selinux.noarch                               1.15.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
flatpak-session-helper.aarch64                       1.15.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
flexiblas.aarch64                                    3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flexiblas-netlib.aarch64                             3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flexiblas-netlib64.aarch64                           3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flexiblas-openblas-openmp.aarch64                    3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flexiblas-openblas-openmp64.aarch64                  3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flexiblas-openblas-serial.aarch64                    3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
flite.aarch64                                        2.2-6.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
fmt.aarch64                                          10.0.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fontawesome-6-brands-fonts.noarch                    1:6.6.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
fontawesome-6-free-fonts.noarch                      1:6.6.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
fontconfig.aarch64                                   2.14.2-6.fc39                       @updates                                                         
fonts-filesystem.noarch                              1:2.0.5-12.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
fpaste.noarch                                        0.4.5.1-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
fprintd.aarch64                                      1.94.2-8.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fprintd-pam.aarch64                                  1.94.2-8.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
freecell-solver-data.noarch                          6.8.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
freeglut.aarch64                                     3.6.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
freerdp.aarch64                                      2:2.11.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
freerdp-libs.aarch64                                 2:2.11.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
freetype.aarch64                                     2.13.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
freexl.aarch64                                       2.0.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
fribidi.aarch64                                      1.0.13-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fstrm.aarch64                                        0.6.1-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
fuse.aarch64                                         2.9.9-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-common.aarch64                                  3.16.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-encfs.aarch64                                   1.9.5-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-libs.aarch64                                    2.9.9-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fuse-sshfs.aarch64                                   3.7.3-9.fc39                        @updates                                                         
fuse3.aarch64                                        3.16.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fuse3-libs.aarch64                                   3.16.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
fwupd.aarch64                                        1.9.21-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-efi.aarch64                                    1.6-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-flashrom.aarch64                        1.9.21-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-modem-manager.aarch64                   1.9.21-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
fwupd-plugin-uefi-capsule-data.aarch64               1.9.21-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
game-music-emu.aarch64                               0.6.3-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gawk.aarch64                                         5.2.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gc.aarch64                                           8.2.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gcc.aarch64                                          13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gcc-c++.aarch64                                      13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gcr-libs.aarch64                                     4.1.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gcr3.aarch64                                         3.41.1-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gcr3-base.aarch64                                    3.41.1-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gd.aarch64                                           2.3.3-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gdal-libs.aarch64                                    3.7.3-5.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gdb-headless.aarch64                                 14.2-2.fc39                         @updates                                                         
gdbm-libs.aarch64                                    1:1.23-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gdcm.aarch64                                         3.0.24-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gdk-pixbuf2.aarch64                                  2.42.10-5.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.aarch64                          2.42.10-5.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gdk-pixbuf2-xlib.aarch64                             2.40.2-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gdouros-symbola-fonts.noarch                         10.24-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
genisoimage.aarch64                                  1.1.11-52.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
geoclue2.aarch64                                     2.7.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20191217-10.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
geolite2-country.noarch                              20191217-10.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
geos.aarch64                                         3.12.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gettext-envsubst.aarch64                             0.22-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
gettext-libs.aarch64                                 0.22-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
gettext-runtime.aarch64                              0.22-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
ghostscript.aarch64                                  10.02.1-7.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ghostscript-tools-fonts.aarch64                      10.02.1-7.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ghostscript-tools-printing.aarch64                   10.02.1-7.fc39                      @updates                                                         
giflib.aarch64                                       5.2.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
git.aarch64                                          2.45.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
git-core.aarch64                                     2.45.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.45.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
glib-networking.aarch64                              2.78.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
glib2.aarch64                                        2.78.6-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
glibc.aarch64                                        2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-all-langpacks.aarch64                          2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-common.aarch64                                 2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-devel.aarch64                                  2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-gconv-extra.aarch64                            2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-langpack-en.aarch64                            2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibc-minimal-langpack.aarch64                       2.38-18.fc39                        @updates                                                         
glibmm2.4.aarch64                                    2.66.7-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
glx-utils.aarch64                                    9.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gmp.aarch64                                          1:6.2.1-5.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gnome-abrt.aarch64                                   1.4.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gnome-keyring.aarch64                                42.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
gnome-keyring-pam.aarch64                            42.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
gnupg2.aarch64                                       2.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gnustep-base-libs.aarch64                            1.28.0-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gnutls.aarch64                                       3.8.6-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
go-filesystem.aarch64                                3.5.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gobject-introspection.aarch64                        1.78.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
golang.aarch64                                       1.21.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
golang-bin.aarch64                                   1.21.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
golang-src.noarch                                    1.21.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
google-carlito-fonts.noarch                          1.103-0.22.20130920.fc39            @fedora                                                          
google-crc32c.aarch64                                1.1.2-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1:1.002-0.16.20130214.fc39          @fedora                                                          
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20200215-17.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
google-noto-color-emoji-fonts.noarch                 20220916-7.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-naskh-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-arabic-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-vf-fonts.noarch 20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-cherokee-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                 1:2.004-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch          20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                 20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-math-fonts.noarch                   20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch            1:2.004-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                   20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-mono-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-symbols-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-symbols2-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-thaana-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-thai-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-sans-vf-fonts.noarch                     20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-armenian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-bengali-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-cjk-vf-fonts.noarch                1:2.002-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-devanagari-vf-fonts.noarch         20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-georgian-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-gujarati-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-gurmukhi-vf-fonts.noarch           20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-hebrew-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-kannada-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-khmer-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-lao-vf-fonts.noarch                20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-oriya-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-sinhala-vf-fonts.noarch            20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-tamil-vf-fonts.noarch              20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-telugu-vf-fonts.noarch             20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-thai-vf-fonts.noarch               20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
google-noto-serif-vf-fonts.noarch                    20240101-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
gpgme.aarch64                                        1.20.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gpgmepp.aarch64                                      1.20.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gpm-libs.aarch64                                     1.20.7-44.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gpsd-libs.aarch64                                    1:3.25-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
grantlee-qt5.aarch64                                 5.3.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
graphene.aarch64                                     1.10.6-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
graphite2.aarch64                                    1.3.14-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
graphviz.aarch64                                     8.1.0-6.fc39                        @updates                                                         
grep.aarch64                                         3.11-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
grim.aarch64                                         1.4.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
groff-base.aarch64                                   1.23.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.06-121.fc39                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-aa64.aarch64                               1:2.06-121.fc39                     @updates                                                         
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                        1:2.06-121.fc39                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools.aarch64                                  1:2.06-121.fc39                     @updates                                                         
grub2-tools-minimal.aarch64                          1:2.06-121.fc39                     @updates                                                         
grubby.aarch64                                       8.40-73.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gsettings-desktop-schemas.aarch64                    45.0-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
gsl.aarch64                                          2.7.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gsm.aarch64                                          1.0.22-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gssdp.aarch64                                        1.6.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gssproxy.aarch64                                     0.9.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gstreamer1.aarch64                                   1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugin-libav.aarch64                      1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugin-openh264.aarch64                   1.22.9-1.fc39                       @fedora-cisco-openh264                                           
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.aarch64                  1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free-libs.aarch64             1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-base.aarch64                      1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good.aarch64                      1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.aarch64                  1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt.aarch64                   1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-good-qt6.aarch64                  1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.aarch64                 1.22.12-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gtk-layer-shell.aarch64                              0.8.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gtk-update-icon-cache.aarch64                        3.24.43-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gtk2.aarch64                                         2.24.33-15.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
gtk2-engines.aarch64                                 2.20.2-27.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
gtk2-immodule-xim.aarch64                            2.24.33-15.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
gtk3.aarch64                                         3.24.43-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gtk3-immodule-xim.aarch64                            3.24.43-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
gtk4.aarch64                                         4.12.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gtkmm3.0.aarch64                                     3.24.9-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
gts.aarch64                                          0.7.6-46.20121130.fc39              @fedora                                                          
guile22.aarch64                                      2.2.7-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gupnp.aarch64                                        1.6.6-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
gupnp-igd.aarch64                                    1.6.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
gutenprint.aarch64                                   5.3.4-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gutenprint-cups.aarch64                              5.3.4-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gutenprint-libs.aarch64                              5.3.4-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
gwenview.aarch64                                     1:23.08.5-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
gwenview-libs.aarch64                                1:23.08.5-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
gzip.aarch64                                         1.12-6.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
harfbuzz.aarch64                                     8.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
harfbuzz-icu.aarch64                                 8.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
hdf-libs.aarch64                                     4.2.15-13.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
hdf5.aarch64                                         1.12.1-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
hfsplus-tools.aarch64                                540.1.linux3-29.fc39                @fedora                                                          
hfsutils.aarch64                                     3.2.6-47.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-16.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
highcontrast-icon-theme.noarch                       3.28-17.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
highway.aarch64                                      1.1.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
hostname.aarch64                                     3.23-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
hplip.aarch64                                        3.24.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
hplip-common.aarch64                                 3.24.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
hplip-libs.aarch64                                   3.24.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
hspell.aarch64                                       1.4-19.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
htop.aarch64                                         3.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
hugin-base.aarch64                                   2023.0.0-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
hunspell.aarch64                                     1.7.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20201207-7.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20201207-7.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20201207-7.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
hunspell-filesystem.aarch64                          1.7.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
hwdata.noarch                                        0.384-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
hwloc-libs.aarch64                                   2.11.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
hyperv-daemons.aarch64                               0-0.42.20220731git.fc39             @fedora                                                          
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.42.20220731git.fc39             @fedora                                                          
hypervfcopyd.aarch64                                 0-0.42.20220731git.fc39             @fedora                                                          
hypervkvpd.aarch64                                   0-0.42.20220731git.fc39             @fedora                                                          
hypervvssd.aarch64                                   0-0.42.20220731git.fc39             @fedora                                                          
hyphen.aarch64                                       2.8.8-21.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-21.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
hyprcursor.aarch64                                   0.1.9-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
hyprland.aarch64                                     0.39.1-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
hyprlang.aarch64                                     0.5.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
hyprpicker.aarch64                                   0.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
i2c-tools.aarch64                                    4.3-7.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
ibus.aarch64                                         1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-anthy.aarch64                                   1.5.15-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ibus-anthy-python.noarch                             1.5.15-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ibus-gtk2.aarch64                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-gtk3.aarch64                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-gtk4.aarch64                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-hangul.aarch64                                  1.5.5-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ibus-libpinyin.aarch64                               1.15.7-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-libs.aarch64                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-libzhuyin.aarch64                               1.10.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-m17n.aarch64                                    1.4.31-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-panel.aarch64                                   1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-qt.aarch64                                      1.3.4-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.25.14-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
iceauth.aarch64                                      1.0.9-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
iio-sensor-proxy.aarch64                             3.5-1.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
ilbc.aarch64                                         3.0.4-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
im-chooser.aarch64                                   1.7.4-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
im-chooser-common.aarch64                            1.7.4-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ima-evm-utils.aarch64                                1.5-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
imath.aarch64                                        3.1.10-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
imlib2.aarch64                                       1.11.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
imsettings.aarch64                                   1.8.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
imsettings-gsettings.aarch64                         1.8.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
imsettings-libs.aarch64                              1.8.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
imsettings-plasma.aarch64                            1.8.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
inih.aarch64                                         58-1.fc39                           @updates                                                         
initial-setup.aarch64                                0.3.98-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
initscripts-service.noarch                           10.20-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
intel-audio-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
intel-gpu-firmware.noarch                            20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
ipcalc.aarch64                                       1.0.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ipp-usb.aarch64                                      0.9.24-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
iproute.aarch64                                      6.4.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ipset.aarch64                                        7.17-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
ipset-libs.aarch64                                   7.17-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
iptables-libs.aarch64                                1.8.9-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
iptables-nft.aarch64                                 1.8.9-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
iptstate.aarch64                                     2.2.7-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
iputils.aarch64                                      20221126-4.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
irqbalance.aarch64                                   2:1.9.4-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
iso-codes.noarch                                     4.15.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
iw.aarch64                                           5.19-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
iwlegacy-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
iwlwifi-dvm-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
iwlwifi-mvm-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
jack-audio-connection-kit.aarch64                    1.9.22-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
jansson.aarch64                                      2.13.1-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
jasper-libs.aarch64                                  3.0.6-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
java-17-openjdk-headless.aarch64                     1:17.0.12.0.7-2.fc39                @updates                                                         
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       6.1.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
jbig2dec-libs.aarch64                                0.19-10.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
jbigkit-libs.aarch64                                 2.1-26.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
jemalloc.aarch64                                     5.3.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
jfsutils.aarch64                                     1.1.15-25.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-39.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
jq.aarch64                                           1.6-17.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
js-jquery.noarch                                     3.6.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
json-c.aarch64                                       0.17-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
json-glib.aarch64                                    1.8.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
jsoncpp.aarch64                                      1.9.5-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
jxl-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                            1:0.8.3-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
k3b.aarch64                                          1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
k3b-libs.aarch64                                     1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kaccounts-integration.aarch64                        23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kaccounts-providers.aarch64                          23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kactivitymanagerd.aarch64                            5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kamera.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kamoso.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kasumi-common.noarch                                 2.5-42.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
kasumi-unicode.aarch64                               2.5-42.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
kate-libs.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kbd.aarch64                                          2.6.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.6.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.6.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kcalc.aarch64                                        23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kcharselect.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kcolorpicker.aarch64                                 0.2.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kde-cli-tools.aarch64                                5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-connect.aarch64                                  23.08.5-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-connect-libs.aarch64                             23.08.5-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-filesystem.aarch64                               4-70.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
kde-gtk-config.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-inotify-survey.aarch64                           23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-l10n.noarch                                      17.08.3-15.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
kde-partitionmanager.aarch64                         23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-print-manager.aarch64                            23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-print-manager-libs.aarch64                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kde-settings.noarch                                  39.1-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
kde-settings-plasma.noarch                           39.1-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
kde-settings-pulseaudio.noarch                       39.1-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
kde-settings-sddm.noarch                             39.1-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
kdeconnectd.aarch64                                  23.08.5-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdecoration.aarch64                                  5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdegraphics-mobipocket.aarch64                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdegraphics-thumbnailers.aarch64                     23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdeplasma-addons.aarch64                             5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdesu.aarch64                                        1:5.27.11-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kdialog.aarch64                                      23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdnssd.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kdsingleapplication-qt5.aarch64                      1.1.0-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
kdsoap.aarch64                                       2.1.1-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
keditbookmarks.aarch64                               23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
keditbookmarks-libs.aarch64                          23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kernel-16k.aarch64                                   6.6.3-414.asahi.fc39                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k.aarch64                                   6.9.11-400.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k.aarch64                                   6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-core.aarch64                              6.6.3-414.asahi.fc39                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-core.aarch64                              6.9.11-400.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-core.aarch64                              6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules.aarch64                           6.6.3-414.asahi.fc39                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules.aarch64                           6.9.11-400.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules.aarch64                           6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-core.aarch64                      6.6.3-414.asahi.fc39                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-core.aarch64                      6.9.11-400.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-core.aarch64                      6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-extra.aarch64                     6.6.3-414.asahi.fc39                @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-extra.aarch64                     6.9.11-400.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-16k-modules-extra.aarch64                     6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kernel-headers.aarch64                               6.9.12-401.asahi.fc39               @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:kernel               
kexec-tools.aarch64                                  2.0.27-4.fc39                       @updates                                                         
keyutils.aarch64                                     1.6.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
keyutils-libs.aarch64                                1.6.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
kf5-akonadi-server.aarch64                           23.08.5-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-akonadi-server-mysql.aarch64                     23.08.5-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-attica.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-audiocd-kio.aarch64                              23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-audiocd-kio-doc.noarch                           23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-baloo.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-baloo-file.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-baloo-libs.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-bluez-qt.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-filesystem.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-frameworkintegration.aarch64                     5.115.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-frameworkintegration-libs.aarch64                5.115.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kactivities.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kactivities-stats.aarch64                        5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-karchive.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kauth.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kbookmarks.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcalendarcore.aarch64                            1:5.115.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kf5-kcmutils.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcodecs.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcompletion.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kconfig-core.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kconfig-gui.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kconfigwidgets.aarch64                           5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcontacts.aarch64                                1:5.115.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kf5-kcoreaddons.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kcrash.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdbusaddons.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdeclarative.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kded.aarch64                                     5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdelibs4support.aarch64                          5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdelibs4support-libs.aarch64                     5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdesu.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdewebkit.aarch64                                5.115.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdnssd.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kdoctools.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kfilemetadata.aarch64                            5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kglobalaccel.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kglobalaccel-libs.aarch64                        5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kguiaddons.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kholidays.aarch64                                1:5.115.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kf5-khtml.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-ki18n.aarch64                                    5.115.1-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kiconthemes.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kidletime.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kimageformats.aarch64                            5.115.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kinit.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-core.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-core-libs.aarch64                            5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-doc.noarch                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-file-widgets.aarch64                         5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-gui.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-ntlm.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-widgets.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kio-widgets-libs.aarch64                         5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kipi-plugins.aarch64                             23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kipi-plugins-libs.aarch64                        23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kirigami2.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kirigami2-addons.aarch64                         1:0.11.0-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
kf5-kitemmodels.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kitemviews.aarch64                               5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kjobwidgets.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kjs.aarch64                                      5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-knewstuff.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-knotifications.aarch64                           5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-knotifyconfig.aarch64                            5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kpackage.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kparts.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kpeople.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kplotting.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kpty.aarch64                                     5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kquickcharts.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-krunner.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kservice.aarch64                                 5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-ktexteditor.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-ktextwidgets.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kunitconversion.aarch64                          5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwallet.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwallet-libs.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwayland.aarch64                                 5.115.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwidgetsaddons.aarch64                           5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kwindowsystem.aarch64                            5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kxmlgui.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-kxmlrpcclient.aarch64                            5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkcddb.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkcddb-doc.noarch                              23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkcompactdisc.aarch64                          23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkdcraw.aarch64                                23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkexiv2.aarch64                                23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libkipi.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libksane.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-libktorrent.aarch64                              23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-modemmanager-qt.aarch64                          5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-networkmanager-qt.aarch64                        5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-plasma.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-prison.aarch64                                   5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-purpose.aarch64                                  5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-solid.aarch64                                    5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-sonnet-core.aarch64                              5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-sonnet-ui.aarch64                                5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-syndication.aarch64                              1:5.115.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kf5-syntax-highlighting.aarch64                      5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kf5-threadweaver.aarch64                             5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kfind.aarch64                                        23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
khelpcenter.aarch64                                  1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
khotkeys.aarch64                                     5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kicad.aarch64                                        1:7.0.11-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
kicad-doc.noarch                                     1:7.0.11-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
kicad-packages3d.noarch                              1:7.0.11-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
kimageannotator.aarch64                              0.6.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kinfocenter.aarch64                                  5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kio-admin.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kio-extras.aarch64                                   23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kio-fuse.aarch64                                     5.1.0-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
kio-gdrive.aarch64                                   23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kitty.aarch64                                        0.31.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
kitty-kitten.aarch64                                 0.31.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
kitty-shell-integration.noarch                       0.31.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
kitty-terminfo.noarch                                0.31.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
kmag.aarch64                                         23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kmahjongg.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kmenuedit.aarch64                                    5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kmines.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kmod.aarch64                                         30-6.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
kmod-libs.aarch64                                    30-6.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
kmousetool.aarch64                                   23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kmouth.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kolourpaint.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kolourpaint-libs.aarch64                             23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
konsole5.aarch64                                     23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
konsole5-part.aarch64                                23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
konversation.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kpartx.aarch64                                       0.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
kpat.aarch64                                         23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kpipewire.aarch64                                    5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kpmcore.aarch64                                      23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
krb5-libs.aarch64                                    1.21.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
krdc.aarch64                                         23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
krdc-libs.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
krfb.aarch64                                         23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
krfb-libs.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
krusader.aarch64                                     2.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
ksanecore.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kscreen.aarch64                                      1:5.27.11-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
kscreenlocker.aarch64                                5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ksshaskpass.aarch64                                  5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ksystemstats.aarch64                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ktorrent.aarch64                                     23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ktorrent-libs.aarch64                                23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kuserfeedback.aarch64                                1.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
kwalletmanager5.aarch64                              23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwayland-integration.aarch64                         5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwebkitpart.aarch64                                  1.4.0-0.14.20190110.fc39            @fedora                                                          
kwin.aarch64                                         5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwin-common.aarch64                                  5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwin-libs.aarch64                                    5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwin-wayland.aarch64                                 5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwrite.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kwrited.aarch64                                      5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
kyotocabinet-libs.aarch64                            1.2.80-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
ladspa.aarch64                                       1.13-31.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
lame.aarch64                                         3.100-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
lame-libs.aarch64                                    3.100-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
langpacks-core-en.noarch                             4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
langpacks-en.noarch                                  4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
langpacks-fonts-en.noarch                            4.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.68-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
lasi.aarch64                                         1.1.3-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
layer-shell-qt.aarch64                               5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
lcms2.aarch64                                        2.15-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
ldns.aarch64                                         1.8.3-10.fc39                       @updates                                                         
lensfun.aarch64                                      0.3.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
leptonica.aarch64                                    1.83.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
less.aarch64                                         633-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libGLEW.aarch64                                      2.2.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libICE.aarch64                                       1.0.10-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libSM.aarch64                                        1.2.3-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libX11.aarch64                                       1.8.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.8.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libX11-xcb.aarch64                                   1.8.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libXNVCtrl.aarch64                                   435.17-10.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libXScrnSaver.aarch64                                1.2.3-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXau.aarch64                                       1.0.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXaw.aarch64                                       1.0.14-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXcomposite.aarch64                                0.4.5-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXcursor.aarch64                                   1.2.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXdamage.aarch64                                   1.1.5-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXdmcp.aarch64                                     1.1.3-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXext.aarch64                                      1.3.5-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXfixes.aarch64                                    6.0.0-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXfont2.aarch64                                    2.0.3-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXft.aarch64                                       2.3.8-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXi.aarch64                                        1.8.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXinerama.aarch64                                  1.1.5-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXmu.aarch64                                       1.1.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXpm.aarch64                                       3.5.17-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libXrandr.aarch64                                    1.5.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libXrender.aarch64                                   0.9.11-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXres.aarch64                                      1.2.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXt.aarch64                                        1.2.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXtst.aarch64                                      1.2.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libXv.aarch64                                        1.0.11-19.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libXxf86dga.aarch64                                  1.1.5-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libXxf86vm.aarch64                                   1.1.5-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
liba52.aarch64                                       0.7.4-46.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libabw.aarch64                                       0.1.3-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libaccounts-glib.aarch64                             1.25-13.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libaccounts-qt5.aarch64                              1.16-8.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libacl.aarch64                                       2.3.1-9.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libadwaita-qt6.aarch64                               1.4.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libaec.aarch64                                       1.1.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libaio.aarch64                                       0.3.111-16.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libao.aarch64                                        1.2.0-25.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libaom.aarch64                                       3.9.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libappindicator-gtk3.aarch64                         12.10.1-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libappstream-glib.aarch64                            0.8.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libarchive.aarch64                                   3.7.1-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libargon2.aarch64                                    20190702-3.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libarrow.aarch64                                     13.0.0-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libarrow-doc.noarch                                  13.0.0-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libasan.aarch64                                      13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libass.aarch64                                       0.17.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libassuan.aarch64                                    2.5.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libasyncns.aarch64                                   0.8-25.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libatasmart.aarch64                                  0.19-26.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libatomic.aarch64                                    13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libattr.aarch64                                      2.5.1-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libavc1394.aarch64                                   0.5.4-20.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libavcodec-free.aarch64                              6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libavdevice-free.aarch64                             6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libavfilter-free.aarch64                             6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libavformat-free.aarch64                             6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libavif.aarch64                                      0.11.1-11.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libavutil-free.aarch64                               6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libb2.aarch64                                        0.98.1-9.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libbabeltrace.aarch64                                1.5.11-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libbasicobjects.aarch64                              0.1.1-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libblack-hole-solver1.aarch64                        1.12.0-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libblkid.aarch64                                     2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libblockdev.aarch64                                  3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-btrfs.aarch64                            3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-crypto.aarch64                           3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-dm.aarch64                               3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-fs.aarch64                               3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-loop.aarch64                             3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-lvm.aarch64                              3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-mdraid.aarch64                           3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-mpath.aarch64                            3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-nvme.aarch64                             3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-part.aarch64                             3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-swap.aarch64                             3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libblockdev-utils.aarch64                            3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libbluray.aarch64                                    1.3.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libbpf.aarch64                                       2:1.1.0-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libbrotli.aarch64                                    1.1.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libbs2b.aarch64                                      3.1.0-31.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libbytesize.aarch64                                  2.10-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
libcaca.aarch64                                      0.99-0.69.beta20.fc39               @updates                                                         
libcanberra.aarch64                                  0.30-32.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk2.aarch64                             0.30-32.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcanberra-gtk3.aarch64                             0.30-32.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcap.aarch64                                       2.48-9.fc39                         @updates                                                         
libcap-ng.aarch64                                    0.8.3-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcap-ng-python3.aarch64                            0.8.3-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcbor.aarch64                                      0.10.2-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcdio.aarch64                                      2.1.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcdio-paranoia.aarch64                             10.2+2.0.1-9.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
libcdr.aarch64                                       0.1.7-14.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libchewing.aarch64                                   0.5.1-28.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libchromaprint.aarch64                               1.5.1-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcloudproviders.aarch64                            0.3.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libcmis.aarch64                                      0.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libcollection.aarch64                                0.7.0-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcom_err.aarch64                                   1.47.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcomps.aarch64                                     0.1.20-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libconfig.aarch64                                    1.7.3-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libcue.aarch64                                       2.2.1-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libcupsfilters.aarch64                               1:2.0.0-7.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libcurl.aarch64                                      8.2.1-5.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libdaemon.aarch64                                    0.14-26.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libdate-tz.aarch64                                   3.0.1^20221213gitc9169ea-3.fc39     @fedora                                                          
libdatrie.aarch64                                    0.2.13-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libdav1d.aarch64                                     1.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libdb.aarch64                                        5.3.28-56.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libdbusmenu.aarch64                                  16.04.0-22.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libdbusmenu-gtk3.aarch64                             16.04.0-22.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libdc1394.aarch64                                    2.2.7-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libddcutil.aarch64                                   2.1.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libdecor.aarch64                                     0.2.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libdeflate.aarch64                                   1.20-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
libdhash.aarch64                                     0.5.0-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libdisplay-info.aarch64                              0.1.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libdmtx.aarch64                                      0.7.7-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libdnf.aarch64                                       0.73.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libdovi.aarch64                                      3.3.0-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libdrm.aarch64                                       2.4.121-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libdvdnav.aarch64                                    6.1.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libdvdread.aarch64                                   6.1.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libe-book.aarch64                                    0.1.3-32.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libebur128.aarch64                                   1.2.6-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libeconf.aarch64                                     0.5.2-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libedit.aarch64                                      3.1-51.20240517cvs.fc39             @updates                                                         
libei.aarch64                                        1.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libeot.aarch64                                       0.01-29.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libepoxy.aarch64                                     1.5.10-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libepubgen.aarch64                                   0.1.1-16.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.1.5-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.1.5-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.1.5-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libertas-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libestr.aarch64                                      0.1.11-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libetonyek.aarch64                                   0.1.11~20230802.git9c3a8cb-3.fc39   @fedora                                                          
libev.aarch64                                        4.33-8.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libevdev.aarch64                                     1.13.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libevent.aarch64                                     2.1.12-9.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libexif.aarch64                                      0.6.24-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libexttextcat.aarch64                                3.4.6-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libfakekey.aarch64                                   0.3-17.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libfastjson.aarch64                                  1.2304.0-2.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libfdisk.aarch64                                     2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libffado.aarch64                                     2.4.8-4.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libffi.aarch64                                       3.4.4-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libfido2.aarch64                                     1.13.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libfontenc.aarch64                                   1.1.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libfprint.aarch64                                    1.94.7-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libfreecell-solver.aarch64                           6.8.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libfreehand.aarch64                                  0.1.2-21.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libfsverity.aarch64                                  1.4-10.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libftdi.aarch64                                      1.5-10.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libgcc.aarch64                                       13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libgcrypt.aarch64                                    1.10.2-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libgeotiff.aarch64                                   1.7.1-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libgexiv2.aarch64                                    0.14.2-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libgfortran.aarch64                                  13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libglvnd.aarch64                                     1:1.7.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-egl.aarch64                                 1:1.7.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-gles.aarch64                                1:1.7.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-glx.aarch64                                 1:1.7.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libglvnd-opengl.aarch64                              1:1.7.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libgomp.aarch64                                      13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libgpg-error.aarch64                                 1.47-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libgphoto2.aarch64                                   2.5.31-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libgpod.aarch64                                      0.8.3-47.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libgrss.aarch64                                      0.7.0-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libgs.aarch64                                        10.02.1-7.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libgsf.aarch64                                       1.14.51-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libgta.aarch64                                       1.2.1-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libgudev.aarch64                                     238-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libgusb.aarch64                                      0.4.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libgxps.aarch64                                      0.3.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libhangul.aarch64                                    0.1.0-29.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libharu.aarch64                                      2.4.3-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libheif.aarch64                                      1.17.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libi2c.aarch64                                       4.3-7.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libibverbs.aarch64                                   46.0-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libical.aarch64                                      3.0.17-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libicu.aarch64                                       73.2-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libidn2.aarch64                                      2.3.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libiec61883.aarch64                                  1.2.0-32.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libieee1284.aarch64                                  0.2.11-41.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libijs.aarch64                                       0.35-19.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libimagequant.aarch64                                4.0.3-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libimobiledevice.aarch64                             1.3.0^20230705git6fc41f5-1.fc39     @fedora                                                          
libimobiledevice-glue.aarch64                        1.0.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libini_config.aarch64                                1.3.1-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libinput.aarch64                                     1.25.0-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libipa_hbac.aarch64                                  2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libiptcdata.aarch64                                  1.0.5-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libjcat.aarch64                                      0.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libjpeg-turbo.aarch64                                2.1.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libjxl.aarch64                                       1:0.8.3-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkcapi.aarch64                                     1.4.0-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libkcapi-hmaccalc.aarch64                            1.4.0-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libkdegames.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkgapi.aarch64                                     23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkmahjongg.aarch64                                 23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkmahjongg-data.noarch                             23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkml.aarch64                                       1.3.0-45.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libksba.aarch64                                      1.6.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libkscreen-qt5.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libksysguard.aarch64                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libksysguard-common.aarch64                          5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libkworkspace5.aarch64                               5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
liblangtag.aarch64                                   0.6.4-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.4-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
liblc3.aarch64                                       1.0.4-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libldac.aarch64                                      2.0.2.3-13.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libldb.aarch64                                       2.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
liblerc.aarch64                                      4.0.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libliftoff.aarch64                                   0.4.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
liblouis.aarch64                                     3.25.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
liblouisutdml.aarch64                                2.11.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
liblouisutdml-utils.aarch64                          2.11.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
liblqr-1.aarch64                                     0.4.2-22.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libluv.aarch64                                       1.48.0.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libmad.aarch64                                       0.15.1b-36.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libmarkdown.aarch64                                  2.2.7-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libmaxminddb.aarch64                                 1.10.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libmbim.aarch64                                      1.28.4-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmbim-utils.aarch64                                1.28.4-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmetalink.aarch64                                  0.1.3-32.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmng.aarch64                                       2.0.3-19.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmnl.aarch64                                       1.0.5-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libmodplug.aarch64                                   1:0.8.9.0-17.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
libmodulemd.aarch64                                  2.15.0-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmount.aarch64                                     2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libmpc.aarch64                                       1.3.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libmpcdec.aarch64                                    1.3.0-0.2.20110810svn475.fc39       @fedora                                                          
libmpdclient.aarch64                                 2.22-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
libmpeg2.aarch64                                     0.5.1-27.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmspack.aarch64                                    0.10.1-0.10.alpha.fc39              @fedora                                                          
libmspub.aarch64                                     0.1.4-29.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmtp.aarch64                                       1.1.19-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmusicbrainz5.aarch64                              5.1.0-22.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libmwaw.aarch64                                      0.3.22-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libmysofa.aarch64                                    1.2.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libndp.aarch64                                       1.8-6.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libnetfilter_conntrack.aarch64                       1.0.9-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libnfnetlink.aarch64                                 1.0.1-24.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libnfsidmap.aarch64                                  1:2.6.4-0.rc6.fc39                  @updates                                                         
libnftnl.aarch64                                     1.2.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libnghttp2.aarch64                                   1.55.1-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libngspice.aarch64                                   43-2.fc39                           @updates                                                         
libnice.aarch64                                      0.1.21-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libnl3.aarch64                                       3.9.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libnl3-cli.aarch64                                   3.9.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libnma.aarch64                                       1.10.6-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libnotify.aarch64                                    0.8.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libnsl2.aarch64                                      2.0.0-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libnumbertext.aarch64                                1.0.11-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libnvme.aarch64                                      1.6-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libobjc.aarch64                                      13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libodfgen.aarch64                                    0.1.8-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
liboeffis.aarch64                                    1.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libogg.aarch64                                       2:1.3.5-6.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libopenmpt.aarch64                                   0.7.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libopusenc.aarch64                                   0.2.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
liborc1.aarch64                                      1.9.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
liborcus.aarch64                                     0.18.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libosinfo.aarch64                                    1.11.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libpagemaker.aarch64                                 0.0.4-21.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libpano13.aarch64                                    2.9.22-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libpaper.aarch64                                     1:2.1.1-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libpasswdqc.aarch64                                  2.0.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpath_utils.aarch64                                0.2.1-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libpcap.aarch64                                      14:1.10.4-2.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
libpciaccess.aarch64                                 0.16-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libpinyin.aarch64                                    2.8.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpinyin-data.aarch64                               2.8.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpipeline.aarch64                                  1.5.7-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpkgconf.aarch64                                   1.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libplacebo.aarch64                                   6.292.1-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libplist.aarch64                                     2.3.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpng.aarch64                                       2:1.6.37-15.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
libpostproc-free.aarch64                             6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libppd.aarch64                                       1:2.0.0-4.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libpq.aarch64                                        15.3-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libproxy.aarch64                                     0.5.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libproxy-bin.aarch64                                 0.5.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libpskc.aarch64                                      2.6.9-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libpsl.aarch64                                       0.21.2-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libpwquality.aarch64                                 1.4.5-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libqalculate.aarch64                                 4.9.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libqb.aarch64                                        2.0.8-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libqhull_r.aarch64                                   1:7.2.1-13.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libqmi.aarch64                                       1.32.4-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libqmi-utils.aarch64                                 1.32.4-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libqrtr-glib.aarch64                                 1.2.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libqxp.aarch64                                       0.0.2-23.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
librabbitmq.aarch64                                  0.13.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libraqm.aarch64                                      0.8.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libraw1394.aarch64                                   2.1.2-18.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libref_array.aarch64                                 0.1.5-54.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libreoffice-calc.aarch64                             1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-core.aarch64                             1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-data.aarch64                             1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-emailmerge.aarch64                       1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-graphicfilter.aarch64                    1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-gtk3.aarch64                             1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-gtk4.aarch64                             1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-help-en.aarch64                          1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-impress.aarch64                          1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-kf5.aarch64                              1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-langpack-en.aarch64                      1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ogltrans.aarch64                         1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-pdfimport.aarch64                        1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-pyuno.aarch64                            1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ure.aarch64                              1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-ure-common.aarch64                       1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-writer.aarch64                           1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
libreoffice-x11.aarch64                              1:7.6.7.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
librepo.aarch64                                      1.18.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libreport.aarch64                                    2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-anaconda.aarch64                           2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-cli.aarch64                                2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-fedora.aarch64                             2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-filesystem.noarch                          2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-gtk.aarch64                                2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.aarch64                    2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.aarch64                  2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-logger.aarch64                      2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.aarch64              2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-systemd-journal.aarch64             2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-plugin-ureport.aarch64                     2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreport-web.aarch64                                2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libreswan.aarch64                                    4.15-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
librevenge.aarch64                                   0.0.5-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
librist.aarch64                                      0.2.7-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
librsvg2.aarch64                                     2.57.1-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
librttopo.aarch64                                    1.1.0-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libsamplerate.aarch64                                0.2.2-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libsane-airscan.aarch64                              0.99.29-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libsane-hpaio.aarch64                                3.24.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libsbc.aarch64                                       2.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libseat.aarch64                                      0.8.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libseccomp.aarch64                                   2.5.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libsecret.aarch64                                    0.21.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libselinux.aarch64                                   3.5-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libselinux-utils.aarch64                             3.5-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libsemanage.aarch64                                  3.5-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libsepol.aarch64                                     3.5-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libserf.aarch64                                      1.3.10-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libshaderc.aarch64                                   2023.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libshout.aarch64                                     2.4.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libsigc++20.aarch64                                  2.12.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libsigsegv.aarch64                                   2.14-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libsmartcols.aarch64                                 2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libsmbclient.aarch64                                 2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libsndfile.aarch64                                   1.1.0-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libsodium.aarch64                                    1.0.18-15.fc39                      @updates                                                         
libsolv.aarch64                                      0.7.29-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libsoup.aarch64                                      2.74.3-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libsoup3.aarch64                                     3.4.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libspatialite.aarch64                                5.0.1-23.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libspectre.aarch64                                   0.2.12-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libsrtp.aarch64                                      2.3.0-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libss.aarch64                                        1.47.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libssh.aarch64                                       0.10.6-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libssh-config.noarch                                 0.10.6-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libsss_certmap.aarch64                               2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libsss_idmap.aarch64                                 2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libsss_nss_idmap.aarch64                             2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libsss_sudo.aarch64                                  2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libstaroffice.aarch64                                0.0.7-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libstdc++.aarch64                                    13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libstdc++-devel.aarch64                              13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libstemmer.aarch64                                   2.2.0-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libswresample-free.aarch64                           6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libswscale-free.aarch64                              6.1.1-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libtalloc.aarch64                                    2.4.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libtasn1.aarch64                                     4.19.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libtdb.aarch64                                       1.4.9-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libteam.aarch64                                      1.32-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libtermkey.aarch64                                   0.22-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libtevent.aarch64                                    0.15.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libthai.aarch64                                      0.1.29-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libtheora.aarch64                                    1:1.1.1-34.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
libtiff.aarch64                                      4.4.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libtirpc.aarch64                                     1.3.5-0.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libtool-ltdl.aarch64                                 2.4.7-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libtracker-sparql.aarch64                            3.6.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libtree-sitter.aarch64                               0.22.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libubsan.aarch64                                     13.3.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libudfread.aarch64                                   1.1.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libudisks2.aarch64                                   2.10.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libunistring.aarch64                                 1.1-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libunwind.aarch64                                    1.7.0-0.2.rc2.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
liburing.aarch64                                     2.5-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
libusal.aarch64                                      1.1.11-52.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libusb1.aarch64                                      1.0.27-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libusbmuxd.aarch64                                   2.0.2^20230620git8d30a55-3.fc39     @fedora                                                          
libuser.aarch64                                      0.64-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libutempter.aarch64                                  1.2.1-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libuuid.aarch64                                      2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libuv.aarch64                                        1:1.48.0-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libv4l.aarch64                                       1.25.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libva.aarch64                                        2.20.0-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libvdpau.aarch64                                     1.5-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
libverto.aarch64                                     0.3.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libverto-libev.aarch64                               0.3.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libvisio.aarch64                                     0.1.7-20.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libvisual.aarch64                                    1:0.4.1-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libvncserver.aarch64                                 0.9.13-15.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libvoikko.aarch64                                    4.3.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libvorbis.aarch64                                    1:1.3.7-8.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libvpx.aarch64                                       1.13.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libvterm.aarch64                                     0.3.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libwacom.aarch64                                     2.10.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libwacom-data.noarch                                 2.10.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libwayland-client.aarch64                            1.22.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libwayland-cursor.aarch64                            1.22.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libwayland-egl.aarch64                               1.22.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libwayland-server.aarch64                            1.22.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libwbclient.aarch64                                  2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libwebp.aarch64                                      1.3.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libwinpr.aarch64                                     2:2.11.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
libwmf-lite.aarch64                                  0.2.13-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libwnck3.aarch64                                     43.0-6.fc39                         @updates                                                         
libwpd.aarch64                                       0.10.3-17.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libwpg.aarch64                                       0.3.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libwps.aarch64                                       0.4.14-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libxcb.aarch64                                       1.13.1-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
libxcrypt.aarch64                                    4.4.36-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libxcrypt-devel.aarch64                              4.4.36-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libxcvt.aarch64                                      0.1.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libxkbcommon.aarch64                                 1.6.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libxkbcommon-x11.aarch64                             1.6.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
libxkbfile.aarch64                                   1.1.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libxml++.aarch64                                     2.42.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libxml2.aarch64                                      2.10.4-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libxmlb.aarch64                                      0.3.19-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libxshmfence.aarch64                                 1.3-13.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
libxslt.aarch64                                      1.1.42-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
libyaml.aarch64                                      0.2.5-12.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libzhuyin.aarch64                                    2.8.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
libzip.aarch64                                       1.10.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libzmf.aarch64                                       0.0.2-31.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
libzstd.aarch64                                      1.5.6-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
lilv-libs.aarch64                                    0.24.20-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
linux-atm-libs.aarch64                               2.5.1-36.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
linux-firmware.noarch                                20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
linux-firmware-vendor.noarch                         20240429-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
linux-firmware-whence.noarch                         20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
lksctp-tools.aarch64                                 1.0.19-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
llvm-libs.aarch64                                    17.0.6-4.fc39                       @updates                                                         
lm_sensors-libs.aarch64                              3.6.0-14.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
lmdb-libs.aarch64                                    0.9.33-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
lockdev.aarch64                                      1.0.4-0.40.20111007git.fc39         @fedora                                                          
logrotate.aarch64                                    3.21.0-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
low-memory-monitor.aarch64                           2.1-8.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
lpcnetfreedv.aarch64                                 0.5-3.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
lpsolve.aarch64                                      5.5.2.11-3.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
lrzsz.aarch64                                        0.12.20-60.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
lsb_release.noarch                                   3.2-2.fc39                          @updates                                                         
lsof.aarch64                                         4.96.3-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
lsp-plugins-lv2.aarch64                              1.2.14-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
lua.aarch64                                          5.4.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
lua-libs.aarch64                                     5.4.6-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
lua-posix.aarch64                                    36.2.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
luajit.aarch64                                       2.1.1707061634-2.fc39               @updates                                                         
luajit2.1-luv.aarch64                                1.48.0.2-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
lv2.aarch64                                          1.18.8-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
lv2-bankstown.aarch64                                1.1.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
lvm2.aarch64                                         2.03.23-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
lvm2-libs.aarch64                                    2.03.23-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
lz4-libs.aarch64                                     1.9.4-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
lzfse-libs.aarch64                                   1.0-3.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
lzo.aarch64                                          2.10-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
lzop.aarch64                                         1.04-12.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.6-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
m17n-lib.aarch64                                     1.8.4-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
m1n1.aarch64                                         1.4.14-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-36.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.54-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
make.aarch64                                         1:4.4.1-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
malcontent-libs.aarch64                              0.11.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
maliit-framework.aarch64                             2.3.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
maliit-framework-qt5.aarch64                         2.3.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
maliit-keyboard.aarch64                              2.3.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
man-db.aarch64                                       2.11.2-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
man-pages.noarch                                     6.05-5.fc39                         @updates                                                         
marble-astro.aarch64                                 1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
marble-common.noarch                                 1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
marble-widget-data.noarch                            1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
marble-widget-qt5.aarch64                            1:23.08.5-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb.aarch64                                      3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-backup.aarch64                               3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-common.aarch64                               3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-connector-c.aarch64                          3.3.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.3.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
mariadb-cracklib-password-check.aarch64              3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-errmsg.aarch64                               3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-gssapi-server.aarch64                        3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-server.aarch64                               3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mariadb-server-utils.aarch64                         3:10.5.25-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
mbedtls.aarch64                                      2.28.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
mdadm.aarch64                                        4.2-6.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
media-player-info.noarch                             23-13.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
mediawriter.aarch64                                  5.1.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
memstrack.aarch64                                    0.2.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mercurial.aarch64                                    6.5.3-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
mesa-dri-drivers.aarch64                             24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-filesystem.aarch64                              24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-libEGL.aarch64                                  24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-libGL.aarch64                                   24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-libGLU.aarch64                                  9.0.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mesa-libgbm.aarch64                                  24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-libglapi.aarch64                                24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-va-drivers.aarch64                              24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.aarch64                          24.2.0~asahipre20240727-1.fc39      @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:mesa                 
metis.aarch64                                        5.1.0.3-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
minicom.aarch64                                      2.8-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
minizip-compat.aarch64                               1.2.13-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
minizip-ng.aarch64                                   3.0.7-5.fc39                        @updates                                                         
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                20230416-2.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
mokutil.aarch64                                      2:0.6.0-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
mozilla-filesystem.aarch64                           1.9-31.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
mozilla-openh264.aarch64                             2.4.1-1.fc39                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                                           
mpage.aarch64                                        2.5.7-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
mpdecimal.aarch64                                    2.5.1-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mpfr.aarch64                                         4.2.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mpg123-libs.aarch64                                  1.31.3-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
msgpack.aarch64                                      3.1.0-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
mt7xxx-firmware.noarch                               20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
mtd-utils.aarch64                                    2.1.4-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mtdev.aarch64                                        1.1.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mtr.aarch64                                          2:0.95-9.fc39                       @updates                                                         
mysql-selinux.noarch                                 1.0.10-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
mythes.aarch64                                       1.2.5-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-37.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
nano.aarch64                                         7.2-5.fc39                          @updates                                                         
nano-default-editor.noarch                           7.2-5.fc39                          @updates                                                         
ncurses.aarch64                                      6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1               @updates                                                         
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1               @updates                                                         
ncurses-libs.aarch64                                 6.4-7.20230520.fc39.1               @updates                                                         
neofetch.noarch                                      7.1.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
neon.aarch64                                         0.32.5-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
neovim.aarch64                                       0.9.5-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
net-snmp-libs.aarch64                                1:5.9.4-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
net-tools.aarch64                                    2.0-0.67.20160912git.fc39           @fedora                                                          
netcdf.aarch64                                       4.9.0-5.fc38                        @fedora                                                          
netpbm.aarch64                                       11.02.00-2.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
nettle.aarch64                                       3.9.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
network-manager-applet.aarch64                       1.34.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
newt.aarch64                                         0.52.23-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
nfs-utils.aarch64                                    1:2.6.4-0.rc6.fc39                  @updates                                                         
nftables.aarch64                                     1:1.0.7-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
ngspice-codemodel.aarch64                            43-2.fc39                           @updates                                                         
nilfs-utils.aarch64                                  2.2.9-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
nm-connection-editor.aarch64                         1.34.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
nmap-ncat.aarch64                                    4:7.92-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
nodejs.aarch64                                       1:20.12.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-cjs-module-lexer.noarch                       1.2.3-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:20.12.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-full-i18n.aarch64                             1:20.12.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-libs.aarch64                                  1:20.12.2-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
nodejs-npm.aarch64                                   1:10.5.0-1.20.12.2.1.fc39           @updates                                                         
nodejs-undici.noarch                                 6.11.1-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
npth.aarch64                                         1.6-14.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
nspr.aarch64                                         4.35.0-21.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss.aarch64                                          3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss-mdns.aarch64                                     0.15.1-9.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
nss-softokn.aarch64                                  3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss-softokn-freebl.aarch64                           3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss-sysinit.aarch64                                  3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss-tools.aarch64                                    3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
nss-util.aarch64                                     3.101.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ntfs-3g.aarch64                                      2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
ntfs-3g-libs.aarch64                                 2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
ntfs-3g-system-compression.aarch64                   1.0-14.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
ntfsprogs.aarch64                                    2:2022.10.3-3.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
numactl-libs.aarch64                                 2.0.16-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
nvidia-gpu-firmware.noarch                           20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
nwg-panel.noarch                                     0.9.35-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
nxpwireless-firmware.noarch                          20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
ocfs2-tools.aarch64                                  1.8.7-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ocl-icd.aarch64                                      2.3.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
ogdi.aarch64                                         4.1.0-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
okular.aarch64                                       23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
okular-libs.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
okular-part.aarch64                                  23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
oniguruma.aarch64                                    6.9.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-19.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
open-vm-tools.aarch64                                12.4.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
open-vm-tools-desktop.aarch64                        12.4.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openal-soft.aarch64                                  1.23.1-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
openblas.aarch64                                     0.3.21-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
openblas-openmp.aarch64                              0.3.21-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
openblas-openmp64.aarch64                            0.3.21-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
openblas-serial.aarch64                              0.3.21-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
opencascade-draw.aarch64                             7.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
opencascade-foundation.aarch64                       7.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
opencascade-modeling.aarch64                         7.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
opencascade-ocaf.aarch64                             7.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
opencascade-visualization.aarch64                    7.6.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
openconnect.aarch64                                  9.12-2.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
opencore-amr.aarch64                                 0.1.6-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
opencv-core.aarch64                                  4.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
opencv-dnn.aarch64                                   4.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
opencv-imgcodecs.aarch64                             4.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
opencv-imgproc.aarch64                               4.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
opencv-ml.aarch64                                    4.8.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
openexr-libs.aarch64                                 3.1.13-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openh264.aarch64                                     2.4.1-1.fc39                        @fedora-cisco-openh264                                           
openjpeg2.aarch64                                    2.5.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
openldap.aarch64                                     2.6.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
openpgm.aarch64                                      5.2.122-32.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
opensc.aarch64                                       0.25.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openslide.aarch64                                    3.4.1-24.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
openssh.aarch64                                      9.3p1-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openssh-askpass.aarch64                              9.3p1-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openssh-clients.aarch64                              9.3p1-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openssh-server.aarch64                               9.3p1-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
openssl.aarch64                                      1:3.1.1-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
openssl-libs.aarch64                                 1:3.1.1-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
openvpn.aarch64                                      2.6.9-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
opus.aarch64                                         1.3.1-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
opus-tools.aarch64                                   0.2-12.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
opusfile.aarch64                                     0.12-10.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
orc.aarch64                                          0.4.33-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
orca.noarch                                          45.2-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
os-prober.aarch64                                    1.81-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20240701-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
osinfo-db-tools.aarch64                              1.11.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
ostree-libs.aarch64                                  2024.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
oxygen-sounds.noarch                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
p11-kit.aarch64                                      0.25.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit-server.aarch64                               0.25.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
p11-kit-trust.aarch64                                0.25.5-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
p7zip.aarch64                                        16.02-26.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
p7zip-plugins.aarch64                                16.02-26.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pakchois.aarch64                                     0.4-28.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     6.0-12.fc39                         @updates                                                         
pam.aarch64                                          1.5.3-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pam-kwallet.aarch64                                  5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
pam-libs.aarch64                                     1.5.3-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pam_passwdqc.aarch64                                 2.0.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pango.aarch64                                        1.51.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pangomm.aarch64                                      2.46.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
paps.aarch64                                         0.8.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
parquet-libs.aarch64                                 13.0.0-5.fc39                       @updates                                                         
parted.aarch64                                       3.6-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
passwd.aarch64                                       0.80-15.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
passwdqc.aarch64                                     2.0.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
passwdqc-utils.aarch64                               2.0.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
patch.aarch64                                        2.7.6-22.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pavucontrol.aarch64                                  5.0-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
pcaudiolib.aarch64                                   1.1-12.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
pciutils.aarch64                                     3.13.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
pciutils-libs.aarch64                                3.13.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
pcre.aarch64                                         8.45-1.fc39.4                       @fedora                                                          
pcre2.aarch64                                        10.42-1.fc39.2                      @fedora                                                          
pcre2-syntax.noarch                                  10.42-1.fc39.2                      @fedora                                                          
pcre2-utf16.aarch64                                  10.42-1.fc39.2                      @fedora                                                          
pcre2-utf32.aarch64                                  10.42-1.fc39.2                      @fedora                                                          
pcsc-lite.aarch64                                    2.0.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pcsc-lite-ccid.aarch64                               1.5.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pcsc-lite-libs.aarch64                               2.0.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
perl-AutoLoader.noarch                               5.74-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-B.aarch64                                       1.88-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.54-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Class-Struct.noarch                             0.68-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-DBD-MariaDB.aarch64                             1.22-6.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
perl-DBI.aarch64                                     1.643-18.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Data-Dumper.aarch64                             2.188-501.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.20-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Digest-MD5.aarch64                              2.58-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-DynaLoader.aarch64                              1.54-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Encode.aarch64                                  4:3.19-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Errno.aarch64                                   1.37-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17029-13.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.77-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Fcntl.aarch64                                   1.15-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-File-Basename.noarch                            2.86-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-File-Copy.noarch                                2.41-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-File-Find.noarch                                1.43-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.18-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                1:0.231.100-500.fc39                @fedora                                                          
perl-File-stat.noarch                                1.13-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-FileHandle.noarch                               2.05-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.54-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Getopt-Std.noarch                               1.13-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.45.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.088-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
perl-IO.aarch64                                      1.52-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.42-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.083-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
perl-IPC-Open3.noarch                                1.22-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Image-ExifTool.noarch                           12.70-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
perl-MIME-Base64.aarch64                             3.16-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.39-2.fc39                  @fedora                                                          
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2624-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.62-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20230801-1.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-NDBM_File.aarch64                               1.16-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-NKF.aarch64                                     1:2.1.4-30.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Net-SSLeay.aarch64                              1.92-10.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
perl-POSIX.aarch64                                   2.13-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-PathTools.aarch64                               3.89-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28.01-501.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.45-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:2.03-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.aarch64                       5:1.63-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-SelectSaver.noarch                              1.02-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Socket.aarch64                                  4:2.037-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
perl-Storable.aarch64                                1:3.32-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-Symbol.noarch                                   1.09-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Sys-Hostname.aarch64                            1.25-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           5.01-501.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.18-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-TermReadKey.aarch64                             2.38-18.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.31-500.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2023.0511-3.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               2:1.350-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
perl-URI.noarch                                      5.21-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
perl-base.noarch                                     2.27-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-501.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-if.noarch                                       0.61.000-502.fc39                   @updates                                                         
perl-interpreter.aarch64                             4:5.38.2-502.fc39                   @updates                                                         
perl-lib.aarch64                                     0.65-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.15-501.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
perl-libs.aarch64                                    4:5.38.2-502.fc39                   @updates                                                         
perl-locale.noarch                                   1.10-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-mro.aarch64                                     1.28-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-overload.noarch                                 1.37-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-overloading.noarch                              0.02-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.241-500.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
perl-podlators.noarch                                1:5.01-500.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
perl-vars.noarch                                     1.05-502.fc39                       @updates                                                         
phonon-qt5.aarch64                                   4.11.1-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
phonon-qt5-backend-gstreamer.aarch64                 2:4.10.0-10.fc39                    @fedora                                                          
pigz.aarch64                                         2.8-2.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
pinentry.aarch64                                     1.2.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pinentry-qt.aarch64                                  1.2.1-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pinfo.aarch64                                        0.6.13-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pipewire.aarch64                                     1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-alsa.aarch64                                1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-gstreamer.aarch64                           1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-libs.aarch64                                1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-module-filter-chain-lv2.aarch64             1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-pulseaudio.aarch64                          1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pipewire-utils.aarch64                               1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pixman.aarch64                                       0.42.2-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pkcs11-helper.aarch64                                1.29.0-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
pkgconf.aarch64                                      1.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pkgconf-pkg-config.aarch64                           1.9.5-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
plasma-breeze.aarch64                                5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-breeze-common.noarch                          5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-browser-integration.aarch64                   5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-desktop.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-desktop-doc.noarch                            5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover.aarch64                              5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover-flatpak.aarch64                      5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover-libs.aarch64                         5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover-notifier.aarch64                     5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover-offline-updates.aarch64              5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-discover-packagekit.aarch64                   5.27.11-3.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-disks.aarch64                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-drkonqi.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-integration.aarch64                           5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-lookandfeel-fedora.noarch                     5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-milou.aarch64                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm.aarch64                                    5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-l2tp.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-openconnect.aarch64                        5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-openswan.aarch64                           5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-openvpn.aarch64                            5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-pptp.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-nm-vpnc.aarch64                               5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-pa.aarch64                                    5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-systemmonitor.aarch64                         5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-systemsettings.aarch64                        5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-thunderbolt.aarch64                           5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-vault.aarch64                                 5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-welcome.aarch64                               5.27.11-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace.aarch64                             5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-common.aarch64                      5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-geolocation.aarch64                 5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-geolocation-libs.aarch64            5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-libs.aarch64                        5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-wallpapers.noarch                   5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
plasma-workspace-wayland.aarch64                     5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
playerctl.aarch64                                    2.4.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
playerctl-libs.aarch64                               2.4.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
plocate.aarch64                                      1.1.22-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
plymouth.aarch64                                     24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-core-libs.aarch64                           24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-graphics-libs.aarch64                       24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-plugin-label.aarch64                        24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-plugin-two-step.aarch64                     24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-scripts.aarch64                             24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-system-theme.aarch64                        24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
plymouth-theme-spinner.aarch64                       24.004.60-12.fc39                   @updates                                                         
policycoreutils.aarch64                              3.5-8.fc39                          @updates                                                         
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  3.5-8.fc39                          @updates                                                         
polkit.aarch64                                       123-1.fc39.1                        @updates                                                         
polkit-kde.aarch64                                   5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
polkit-libs.aarch64                                  123-1.fc39.1                        @updates                                                         
polkit-pkla-compat.aarch64                           0.1-26.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
polkit-qt5-1.aarch64                                 0.114.0-7.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
poppler.aarch64                                      23.08.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-cpp.aarch64                                  23.08.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.11-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
poppler-glib.aarch64                                 23.08.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-qt5.aarch64                                  23.08.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
poppler-utils.aarch64                                23.08.0-1.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
popt.aarch64                                         1.19-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
power-profiles-daemon.aarch64                        0.21-3.fc39                         @updates                                                         
powerdevil.aarch64                                   5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
ppp.aarch64                                          2.5.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
pptp.aarch64                                         1.10.0-17.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
procps-ng.aarch64                                    4.0.3-5.fc39                        @updates                                                         
proj.aarch64                                         9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data.noarch                                     9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-at.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-au.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-be.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-br.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-ca.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-ch.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-de.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-dk.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-es.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-eur.noarch                                 9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-fi.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-fo.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-fr.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-is.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-jp.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-mx.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-nc.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-nl.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-no.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-nz.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-pl.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-pt.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-se.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-si.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-sk.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-uk.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-us.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
proj-data-za.noarch                                  9.2.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
protobuf.aarch64                                     3.19.6-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
protobuf-c.aarch64                                   1.4.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
psacct.aarch64                                       6.6.4-19.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
psmisc.aarch64                                       23.6-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20240107-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
pugixml.aarch64                                      1.13-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs.aarch64                              16.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.aarch64                        16.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
pulseaudio-qt.aarch64                                1.4.0-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
pulseaudio-utils.aarch64                             16.1-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python-pip-wheel.noarch                              23.2.1-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python-systemd-doc.aarch64                           235-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3.aarch64                                      3.12.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-abrt.aarch64                                 2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-abrt-addon.noarch                            2.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           2.0.0-13.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-asahi_firmware.aarch64                       0.7.8-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-asn1.noarch                                  2.7.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-audit.aarch64                                3.1.3-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-augeas.noarch                                1.1.0-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-beautifulsoup4.noarch                        4.12.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.8.2-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
python3-blockdev.aarch64                             3.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-brlapi.aarch64                               0.8.5-9.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-bytesize.aarch64                             2.10-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
python3-cairo.aarch64                                1.25.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-cffi.aarch64                                 1.15.1-6.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-charset-normalizer.noarch                    3.3.2-4.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-click.noarch                                 8.1.3-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-cups.aarch64                                 2.0.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-dasbus.noarch                                1.7-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.8.2-10.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
python3-dbus.aarch64                                 1.3.2-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-distro.noarch                                1.8.0-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.21.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.8.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-enchant.noarch                               3.2.2-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-fb-re2.aarch64                               1.0.7-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-file-magic.noarch                            5.44-5.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-firewall.noarch                              2.0.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
python3-gobject.aarch64                              3.46.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-gobject-base.aarch64                         3.46.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-gobject-base-noarch.noarch                   3.46.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-hawkey.aarch64                               0.73.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-humanize.noarch                              3.13.1-8.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-i3ipc.noarch                                 2.2.1-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-idna.noarch                                  3.7-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.48-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.68-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-libcomps.aarch64                             0.1.20-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-libdnf.aarch64                               0.73.2-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-libreport.aarch64                            2.17.11-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
python3-libs.aarch64                                 3.12.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-libselinux.aarch64                           3.5-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3-libsemanage.aarch64                          3.5-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3-libxml2.aarch64                              2.10.4-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-louis.noarch                                 3.25.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-lxml.aarch64                                 4.9.3-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.51-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-netifaces.aarch64                            0.11.0-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-newt.aarch64                                 0.52.23-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
python3-nftables.aarch64                             1:1.0.7-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
python3-olefile.noarch                               0.46-21.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-packaging.noarch                             23.1-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.8.0-17.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.2.3-18.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pillow.aarch64                               10.3.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-pip.noarch                                   23.2.1-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.11-20.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       3.5-8.fc39                          @updates                                                         
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.38-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
python3-psutil.aarch64                               5.9.5-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.7.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pwquality.aarch64                            1.4.5-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.46.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.20-11.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-pycurl.aarch64                               7.45.2-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyparted.aarch64                             1:3.13.0-3.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.7.1-20.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.24.1-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.27-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-pyyaml.aarch64                               6.0.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-regex.aarch64                                2024.4.16-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
python3-requests.noarch                              2.28.2-5.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.5.1-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-29.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-rpm.aarch64                                  4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
python3-satyr.aarch64                                0.42-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-setools.aarch64                              4.4.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-setuptools.noarch                            67.7.2-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-simpleaudio.aarch64                          1.0.4-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.9.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-six.noarch                                   1.16.0-12.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
python3-soupsieve.noarch                             2.5-1.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3-speechd.aarch64                              0.11.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-systemd.aarch64                              235-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
python3-tkinter.aarch64                              3.12.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.26.19-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
python3-urllib3+socks.noarch                         1.26.19-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
python3-wxpython4.aarch64                            4.2.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
python3-xlib.noarch                                  0.33-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
python3-zombie-imp.noarch                            0.0.2-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
qaccessibilityclient.aarch64                         0.4.1-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
qca-qt5.aarch64                                      2.3.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
qca-qt5-ossl.aarch64                                 2.3.6-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
qcom-firmware.noarch                                 20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
qemu-guest-agent.aarch64                             2:8.1.3-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qpdf-libs.aarch64                                    11.6.4-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
qqc2-desktop-style.aarch64                           5.115.0-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qrencode-libs.aarch64                                4.1.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
qt.aarch64                                           1:4.8.7-74.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
qt-at-spi.aarch64                                    0.3.1-26.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
qt-common.noarch                                     1:4.8.7-74.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
qt-settings.noarch                                   39.1-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
qt-x11.aarch64                                       1:4.8.7-74.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
qt5-qdbusviewer.aarch64                              5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase.aarch64                                   5.15.13-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.15.13-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase-gui.aarch64                               5.15.13-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtbase-mysql.aarch64                             5.15.13-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtdeclarative.aarch64                            5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtfeedback.aarch64                               20180903gita14bd0b-7.fc39           @fedora                                                          
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.aarch64                       5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtimageformats.aarch64                           5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtlocation.aarch64                               5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtmultimedia.aarch64                             5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtnetworkauth.aarch64                            5.15.13-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtquickcontrols.aarch64                          5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.aarch64                         5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtsensors.aarch64                                5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtserialport.aarch64                             5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtspeech.aarch64                                 5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtspeech-speechd.aarch64                         5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtsvg.aarch64                                    5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qttools.aarch64                                  5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.aarch64                    5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtvirtualkeyboard.aarch64                        5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwayland.aarch64                                5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwebchannel.aarch64                             5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwebengine.aarch64                              5.15.16-5.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwebkit.aarch64                                 5.212.0-0.85alpha4.fc39             @updates                                                         
qt5-qtwebview.aarch64                                5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtx11extras.aarch64                              5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.aarch64                            5.15.13-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase.aarch64                                   6.6.2-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase-common.noarch                             6.6.2-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtbase-gui.aarch64                               6.6.2-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtdeclarative.aarch64                            6.6.2-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtsvg.aarch64                                    6.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qttranslations.noarch                            6.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
qt6-qtwayland.aarch64                                6.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
quota.aarch64                                        1:4.09-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.09-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
raptor2.aarch64                                      2.0.15-39.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
rasqal.aarch64                                       0.9.33-25.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
rav1e-libs.aarch64                                   0.7.1-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
re2.aarch64                                          1:20220601-3.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
readline.aarch64                                     8.2-6.fc39                          @updates                                                         
realmd.aarch64                                       0.17.1-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
realtek-firmware.noarch                              20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-24.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
redland.aarch64                                      1.0.17-35.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
ripgrep.aarch64                                      14.1.0-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
rit-meera-new-fonts.noarch                           1.6.1-0.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rit-rachana-fonts.noarch                             1.5.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-34.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
rpcbind.aarch64                                      1.2.6-4.rc3.fc39                    @updates                                                         
rpm.aarch64                                          4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rpm-build-libs.aarch64                               4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rpm-libs.aarch64                                     4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rpm-plugin-selinux.aarch64                           4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.aarch64                   4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rpm-sequoia.aarch64                                  1.7.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rpm-sign-libs.aarch64                                4.19.1.1-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rsvg-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                           2.57.1-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
rsync.aarch64                                        3.3.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rsyslog.aarch64                                      8.2310.0-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rsyslog-logrotate.aarch64                            8.2310.0-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
rtkit.aarch64                                        0.11-61.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rubberband.aarch64                                   3.3.0-6.fc39                        @updates                                                         
rustup.aarch64                                       1.27.1-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
samba-client.aarch64                                 2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
samba-client-libs.aarch64                            2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
samba-common.noarch                                  2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
samba-common-libs.aarch64                            2:4.19.7-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
sane-airscan.aarch64                                 0.99.29-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
sane-backends.aarch64                                1.3.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.aarch64                1.3.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.aarch64               1.3.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sane-backends-libs.aarch64                           1.3.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
satyr.aarch64                                        0.42-4.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
sddm.aarch64                                         0.20.0-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
sddm-breeze.noarch                                   5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
sddm-kcm.aarch64                                     5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
sddm-wayland-plasma.noarch                           5.27.11.1-2.fc39                    @updates                                                         
sed.aarch64                                          4.8-14.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
selinux-policy.noarch                                39.7-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       39.7-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
serd.aarch64                                         0.30.16-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
setroubleshoot.aarch64                               3.3.33-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.14-8.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
setroubleshoot-server.aarch64                        3.3.33-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
setup.noarch                                         2.14.4-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
setxkbmap.aarch64                                    1.3.4-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sg3_utils-libs.aarch64                               1.46-6.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-61.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
shadow-utils.aarch64                                 2:4.14.0-2.fc39                     @updates                                                         
shapelib.aarch64                                     1.5.0-16.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
shared-mime-info.aarch64                             2.2-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
shim-aa64.aarch64                                    15.8-3                              @updates                                                         
signon.aarch64                                       8.60-13.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
signon-plugin-oauth2.aarch64                         0.24-7.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
signon-ui.aarch64                                    0.15-20.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sil-mingzat-fonts.noarch                             1.100-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.200-9.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-13.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
slang.aarch64                                        2.3.3-4.fc39                        @updates                                                         
slurp.aarch64                                        1.5.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
smartmontools.aarch64                                1:7.4-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
smartmontools-selinux.noarch                         1:7.4-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
snappy.aarch64                                       1.1.10-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
sni-qt.aarch64                                       0.2.7-0.13.20170217.fc39            @fedora                                                          
socat.aarch64                                        1.8.0.0-2.fc39                      @updates                                                         
sord.aarch64                                         0.16.14-2.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
sos.noarch                                           4.6.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-20.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
soundtouch.aarch64                                   2.3.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
source-highlight.aarch64                             3.1.9-19.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
soxr.aarch64                                         0.1.3-14.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
spdlog.aarch64                                       1.12.0-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
speakersafetyd.aarch64                               0.1.9-3.fc39                        @updates                                                         
spectacle.aarch64                                    23.08.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
speech-dispatcher.aarch64                            0.11.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.aarch64                  0.11.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
speex.aarch64                                        1.2.0-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
spice-vdagent.aarch64                                0.22.1-6.fc39                       @updates                                                         
spice-webdavd.aarch64                                3.0-6.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
spirv-tools-libs.aarch64                             2023.3-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
sqlite.aarch64                                       3.42.0-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
sqlite-libs.aarch64                                  3.42.0-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
squashfs-tools.aarch64                               4.6.1-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sratom.aarch64                                       0.6.14-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
srecord.aarch64                                      1.64-25.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
srt-libs.aarch64                                     1.5.3-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
sssd.aarch64                                         2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ad.aarch64                                      2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-client.aarch64                                  2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-common.aarch64                                  2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-common-pac.aarch64                              2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ipa.aarch64                                     2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-kcm.aarch64                                     2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-krb5.aarch64                                    2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-krb5-common.aarch64                             2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-ldap.aarch64                                    2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-nfs-idmap.aarch64                               2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
sssd-proxy.aarch64                                   2.9.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
startup-notification.aarch64                         0.12-26.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
stix-fonts.noarch                                    2.13b171-4.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
stoken-libs.aarch64                                  0.92-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
strawberry.aarch64                                   1.1.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
subversion.aarch64                                   1.14.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
subversion-libs.aarch64                              1.14.3-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
sudo.aarch64                                         1.9.15-1.p5.fc39                    @updates                                                         
sudo-python-plugin.aarch64                           1.9.15-1.p5.fc39                    @updates                                                         
suitesparse.aarch64                                  5.13.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
svt-av1-libs.aarch64                                 1.4.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
switcheroo-control.aarch64                           2.6-4.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
symlinks.aarch64                                     1.7-9.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
system-config-language.noarch                        3.5.0-12.fc39                       @updates                                                         
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.18-9.fc39                       @updates                                                         
system-config-printer-udev.aarch64                   1.5.18-9.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd.aarch64                                      254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-devel.aarch64                                254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-libs.aarch64                                 254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-networkd.aarch64                             254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-oomd-defaults.noarch                         254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-pam.aarch64                                  254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-resolved.aarch64                             254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
systemd-udev.aarch64                                 254.16-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
taglib.aarch64                                       1.12-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
tar.aarch64                                          2:1.35-2.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
tbb.aarch64                                          2020.3-20.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
tcl.aarch64                                          1:8.6.12-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
tcpdump.aarch64                                      14:4.99.4-4.fc39                    @updates                                                         
teamd.aarch64                                        1.32-1.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
tesseract.aarch64                                    5.3.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tesseract-langpack-eng.noarch                        4.1.0-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tesseract-tessdata-doc.noarch                        4.1.0-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
thrift.aarch64                                       0.15.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
time.aarch64                                         1.9-23.fc39                         @updates                                                         
tiny-dfr.aarch64                                     0.2.0-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
tinyxml2.aarch64                                     9.0.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tiwilink-firmware.noarch                             20240709-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
tk.aarch64                                           1:8.6.12-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
tmux.aarch64                                         3.3a-7.20230918gitb202a2f.fc39      @updates                                                         
toilet.aarch64                                       0.3-15.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
tomlplusplus.aarch64                                 3.4.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
totem-pl-parser.aarch64                              3.26.6-7.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
tpm2-tools.aarch64                                   5.5.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
tpm2-tss.aarch64                                     4.0.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
tpm2-tss-fapi.aarch64                                4.0.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
traceroute.aarch64                                   3:2.1.5-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
tracker.aarch64                                      3.6.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tracker-miners.aarch64                               3.6.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
tree.aarch64                                         2.1.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tree-sitter-cli.aarch64                              0.22.5-2.fc39                       @updates                                                         
trousers-lib.aarch64                                 0.3.15-9.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
tslib.aarch64                                        1.22-9.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
twolame-libs.aarch64                                 0.4.0-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
tzdata.noarch                                        2024a-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2024a-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
uboot-images-armv8.noarch                            1:2024.04-4.fc39                    @copr:copr.fedorainfracloud.org:group_asahi:u-boot               
uchardet.aarch64                                     0.0.8-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
udftools.aarch64                                     2.3-7.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
udisks2.aarch64                                      2.10.1-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
unar.aarch64                                         1.10.8-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
unbound-anchor.aarch64                               1.20.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
unbound-libs.aarch64                                 1.20.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
unibilium.aarch64                                    2.1.1-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   15.1.0-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
unixODBC.aarch64                                     2.3.11-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
unzip.aarch64                                        6.0-62.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
update-m1n1.noarch                                   20240429-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
upower.aarch64                                       1.90.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
upower-libs.aarch64                                  1.90.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
uresourced.aarch64                                   0.5.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
uriparser.aarch64                                    0.9.8-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
urjtag.aarch64                                       2021.03-10.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20200910-20.fc39                    @updates                                                         
usb_modeswitch.aarch64                               2.6.1-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20191128-9.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
usbutils.aarch64                                     017-1.fc39                          @updates                                                         
userspace-rcu.aarch64                                0.14.0-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
utf8proc.aarch64                                     2.7.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
util-linux.aarch64                                   2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
util-linux-core.aarch64                              2.39.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
vamp-plugin-sdk.aarch64                              2.9.0-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
vapoursynth-libs.aarch64                             63-2.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
vazirmatn-vf-fonts.noarch                            33.003-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
vid.stab.aarch64                                     1.1.1-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
vigra.aarch64                                        1.11.1-47.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
vim-data.noarch                                      2:9.1.571-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
vim-minimal.aarch64                                  2:9.1.571-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
vlc-libs.aarch64                                     1:3.0.21-1.fc39                     @updates                                                         
vo-amrwbenc.aarch64                                  0.1.3-19.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
voikko-fi.noarch                                     2.5-5.fc39                          @fedora                                                          
volume_key-libs.aarch64                              0.3.12-20.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
vpnc.aarch64                                         0.5.3-46.svn550.fc39                @fedora                                                          
vpnc-script.noarch                                   20230907-1.git5b9e7e4c.fc39         @fedora                                                          
vtk.aarch64                                          9.2.6-13.fc39                       @updates                                                         
vulkan-loader.aarch64                                1.3.275.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
vulkan-tools.aarch64                                 1.3.275.0-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
w3m.aarch64                                          0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc39           @updates                                                         
w3m-img.aarch64                                      0.5.3-63.git20230121.fc39           @updates                                                         
wavpack.aarch64                                      5.6.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
waybar.aarch64                                       0.9.24-3.fc39                       @updates                                                         
wayland-utils.aarch64                                1.2.0-2.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
web-assets-filesystem.noarch                         5-20.fc39                           @fedora                                                          
webp-pixbuf-loader.aarch64                           0.2.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
webrtc-audio-processing.aarch64                      0.3.1-11.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
wget.aarch64                                         1.21.4-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
which.aarch64                                        2.21-40.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
whois.aarch64                                        5.5.18-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
whois-nls.noarch                                     5.5.18-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
widevine-installer.aarch64                           0^20231031git8fa12dd-3.fc39         @updates                                                         
wireless-regdb.noarch                                2023.05.03-2.fc39                   @fedora                                                          
wireplumber.aarch64                                  0.4.17-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
wireplumber-libs.aarch64                             0.4.17-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
wl-clipboard.aarch64                                 2.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
wlr-randr.aarch64                                    0.4.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
wodim.aarch64                                        1.1.11-52.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
woff2.aarch64                                        1.0.2-18.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
wofi.aarch64                                         1.4.1-4.fc39                        @updates                                                         
words.noarch                                         3.0-44.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
wpa_supplicant.aarch64                               1:2.10-9.fc39                       @updates                                                         
wxBase.aarch64                                       3.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
wxGTK.aarch64                                        3.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
wxGTK-gl.aarch64                                     3.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
wxGTK-i18n.noarch                                    3.2.4-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xapian-core-libs.aarch64                             1.4.23-1.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xcb-util.aarch64                                     0.4.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-cursor.aarch64                              0.1.4-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-image.aarch64                               0.4.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-keysyms.aarch64                             0.4.1-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-renderutil.aarch64                          0.3.10-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xcb-util-wm.aarch64                                  0.4.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xdg-dbus-proxy.aarch64                               0.1.5-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xdg-desktop-portal.aarch64                           1.18.2-6.fc39                       @updates                                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.aarch64                       1.15.1-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-hyprland.aarch64                  1.3.3-2.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xdg-desktop-portal-kde.aarch64                       5.27.11-1.fc39                      @updates                                                         
xdg-user-dirs.aarch64                                0.18-3.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.3-15.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xdpyinfo.aarch64                                     1.3.3-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xerces-c.aarch64                                     3.2.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xev.aarch64                                          1.2.4-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xfsprogs.aarch64                                     6.4.0-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xhost.aarch64                                        1.0.9-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xkbcomp.aarch64                                      1.4.6-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.40-1.fc39                         @updates                                                         
xl2tpd.aarch64                                       1.3.17-3.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xmessage.aarch64                                     1.0.7-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-61.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xmlrpc-c.aarch64                                     1.51.08-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
xmlrpc-c-client.aarch64                              1.51.08-3.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
xmlsec1.aarch64                                      1:1.2.37-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
xmlsec1-nss.aarch64                                  1:1.2.37-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
xmlsec1-openssl.aarch64                              1:1.2.37-5.fc39                     @fedora                                                          
xmodmap.aarch64                                      1.0.11-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.aarch64                     23.2.7-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
xorg-x11-xauth.aarch64                               1:1.1.2-4.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
xorg-x11-xinit.aarch64                               1.4.2-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xprop.aarch64                                        1.2.5-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xrandr.aarch64                                       1.5.2-3.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xrdb.aarch64                                         1.2.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xsel.aarch64                                         1.2.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xsettingsd.aarch64                                   1.0.2-6.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xvidcore.aarch64                                     1.3.7-10.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
xwaylandvideobridge.aarch64                          0.4.0-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
xwininfo.aarch64                                     1.1.5-7.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xxd.aarch64                                          2:9.1.571-1.fc39                    @updates                                                         
xxhash-libs.aarch64                                  0.8.2-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xz.aarch64                                           5.4.4-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
xz-libs.aarch64                                      5.4.4-1.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
yajl.aarch64                                         2.1.0-22.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
yaml-cpp.aarch64                                     0.7.0-4.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
yum.noarch                                           4.21.0-1.fc39                       @updates                                                         
zchunk-libs.aarch64                                  1.5.1-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
zeromq.aarch64                                       4.3.4-8.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
zimg.aarch64                                         3.0.5-1.fc39                        @updates                                                         
zip.aarch64                                          3.0-39.fc39                         @fedora                                                          
zlib.aarch64                                         1.2.13-4.fc39                       @fedora                                                          
zram-generator.aarch64                               1.1.2-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
zram-generator-defaults.noarch                       1.1.2-11.fc39                       @updates                                                         
zsh.aarch64                                          5.9-10.fc39                         @updates                                                         
zvbi.aarch64                                         0.2.35-21.fc39                      @fedora                                                          
zxing-cpp.aarch64                                    2.0.0-5.fc39                        @fedora                                                          
